Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit this website.

INFORMATION WE COLLECT

When you use the contact form on our website, we collect the information you provide, such as your name, email address, and the content of your message. We use this information solely to respond to your inquiries.

We also use Google Analytics to collect anonymous information about visitors to our website. This helps us understand how our site is being used and how we can improve it. Google Analytics collects information such as your IP address, browser type, pages visited, and the time of your visit. This data is aggregated and does not personally identify you.

HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION

The information from the contact form is used only to communicate with you.
The anonymous data from Google Analytics is used for statistical analysis to improve the user experience.

COOKIES

Our website uses cookies. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. We use cookies for Google Analytics to track user interaction. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser.

YOUR RIGHTS

If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact form.

CHANGES

We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.

CONTACT US

For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by using the contact form on this website.
